Doc-update-cc (#5065)
projectcalico/calico: calico-enterprise/index.md

- **Compliance**

    Create compliance policies for any compliance framework including PCI, SOC 2, and more. Continuously monitor compliance for your container, Kubernetes, and cloud environment. Retain a daily history of your compliance status. Generate on-demand or scheduled audit reports.

- **Faster troubleshooting**

    Enable faster troubleshooting of Kubernetes workloads and applications with Service Graph, packet capture, anomaly detection, and performance hotspots, leading to shorter time-to-resolution, less application downtime, and improved quality of service.

#### Don't have a {{site.prodname}} cluster? Easy...

{% include open-new-window.html text='Try it now' url='https://www.tigera.io/tigera-products/cloud-trial' %}

#### Already have a {{site.prodname}} cluster? You are **5 minutes** away from connecting to Calico Cloud. 

What happens when you connect/disconnect your cluster to Calico Cloud? See {% include open-new-window.html text='Connect your cluster to Calico Cloud' url='https://docs.calicocloud.io/get-started/connect-cluster' %}.

1. Identify the cluster you want to use and apply the following manifest.

>    You can use any {{site.prodname}} operator-installed cluster that is configure with `kubectl`.

Reviewer: I think there's a typo in this sentence where it should say `configured` instead of `configure`.

However, even with that typo fixed, I don't think it makes sense to say "you can use a cluster configured with kubectl".

I think you're trying to say two things:
1. Any cluster
2. Kubectl must be connected to it.

My suggestion:
```suggestion
   You can use any {{site.prodname}} operator-installed cluster. Ensure `kubectl` is connected, and then execute the following:
```

   ```bash

>    kubectl apply -f https://installer.calicocloud.io/manifests/cc-operator/v1.0.0/deploy.yaml

Reviewer: We've added a new URL that always points to the latest release
```suggestion
   kubectl apply -f https://installer.calicocloud.io/manifests/cc-operator/latest/deploy.yaml
```

Author: Fixed.
